Kosrae Lagoon Hotel
Overview
Welcome to Kosrae Lagoon Hotel, your digital retreat to the peaceful, tropical paradise of Micronesia. This website offers a seamless experience for booking rooms, exploring accommodation options, and learning more about the pristine beauty of Kosrae Lagoon.

This project was developed with HTML, CSS, and PHP, and focuses on providing an easy-to-navigate platform for hotel reservations and showcasing the beautiful rooms of the hotel. Whether you're planning a quick getaway or a long stay, Kosrae Lagoon Hotel ensures a memorable stay with modern amenities and the charm of nature.

Project Structure
Technologies Used
HTML: To create the website's structure and content.
CSS: For styling the layout and ensuring responsive design.
PHP: Used to handle backend functionality, such as form submissions and booking processes.
The project was started by designing the basic HTML structure, followed by styling the website with CSS. PHP was then incorporated to handle dynamic content and form actions for bookings.

Features
Room Booking Form: Easily reserve your room by selecting your check-in and check-out dates, room type, and additional features.
Room Options: Displaying a variety of rooms including Budget, Standard, and Luxury options, each equipped with features to match different preferences.
Calendar Integration: View room availability with a custom-built calendar interface showing booked dates.
Responsive Design: The website adjusts beautifully to any screen size, ensuring an optimal user experience on mobile, tablet, and desktop devices.

git clone https://github.com/your_username/kosrae-lagoon-hotel.git
Install Required Dependencies:
If you need any additional dependencies or frameworks, install them using your package manager. For this project, it uses PHP, so make sure your local server has it installed.

Set Up the PHP Server:
If you have PHP installed, you can run the PHP server directly from the root directory of the project:

php -S localhost:8000
This will start the local server and you can access the website at http://localhost:8000.

Modify Configuration:
If required, update any configurations or database credentials (if applicable) in the PHP files. The booking form will submit to a PHP backend that processes the booking details.

Contributing
Fork the Repository:
Fork the repository to your GitHub account and make any necessary changes.

Create a New Branch:
Create a feature branch:

git checkout -b feature/your-feature-name
Make Changes:
Make your desired changes to the project files.

Commit Your Changes:
Once your changes are complete, commit them to your branch:

Copy code
git commit -m "Description of your changes"
Push Changes:
Push the changes to your GitHub repository:


git push origin feature/your-feature-name
Create a Pull Request:
Open a pull request to propose your changes.

Acknowledgements
Special thanks to the following for inspiration and resources:

Kosrae Lagoon Hotel: The idea and concept behind the hotel and its serene environment.
HTML, CSS, and PHP Documentation: Official documentation and tutorials were invaluable in guiding me through the development process.
Author
Luis Arranz Garcia
Web Developer based in Göteborg
